Alright! In this video, what we are
going to be doing stealing more of the
front end from the official
implementation of Spring Pet Clinic.
In number 18 here, Copy Master Template from
Spring Pet Clinic. That seems a little
cryptic. I imagine, you're not very
familiar with what's going on underneath
the covers. Let me show you what's
going on and what we're going to do so.
We come in here and they have a welcome
HTML file. I named mine index.
It's just how they set up the mapping.
But you can see this is a pretty lean
HTML file for an index page. Not a lot
going on there. The secret sauce is up
here on line 3, where they are
bringing in this Thymeleaf replace these
fragments, so it's looking for something
in fragments layout. It's going to
apply these templates to this. It's
going to basically do a merge operation so
it's going to take this layout. Like
merging, the header from that layout and
then also take this body code and take
this body code and merge it into that
template. Let's take a quick look at
that template.And I might be moving a
little bit fast here. This is with Thymeleaf
and HTML. If you're not very familiar
with HTML, this is probably going to be a
little bit much right here, but I'm not
specifically teaching HTML on this class
so I can't get too deep into HTML
specifics at this point. I just clicked
over to templates fragments and layout
HTML. So again, this is a Thymeleaf
template. And here, you can see now we
have more of the typical stuff that
we're going to see inside of HTML. We have a
head block. We have meta tags. We have
some links in there, as far as you can
see here, resources, images, favorite icon,
that count looks like some most static
resources that we brought over in the
previous video. And it looks like we
missed a resources CSS pet clinic. You
have to make sure that we do get that as
well. Let's see here. Now, we also have a
nav class.
It's a lot going on here, but now you
can see here, this here does a th
include template. This is basically
saying I want all this stuff here, and
then the other page I showed you, that
was kind of lean. We're going to take the
body element and inject it right there.
So it's going to do to  a merge so this
like sets up a template for everything
that we're doing and then takes that
generic template and sticks it in here
so effectively we don't have to rewrite
all the the navigation header stuff, all
the header stuff. This all gets handled
by the Thymeleaf templates. In this
video, what we want to do is bring that
stuff over to our project. Remember
that this lives under resources
templates fragments. I am just going
to grab that whole fragments directory.
I'm going to minimize this resources
static and now let's go to templates.
We can see fragments. I'm just going to grab this whole fragments directory. Copy
that.
Come back over to IntelliJ now.
That goes under templates. Now
I'm just going to do a paste there.
So now, you can see that
I have under templates fragments.
Let's take a quick look there. So now
you can see that I also have fragments.
We'll implement things iteratively as
we go forward. You can see that there's
other templates in here for forms and
whatnot. We will do those in an upcoming
video.
I'm just taking a peek here. That's
all a reference to the CSS but I am not
seeing that right now. We have static
templates.
The CSS that must be getting generated
and the less resources so that is
something that we will also be seeing. These
less resources that we need to set up a
processing step for that. That is
going to be coming up at a future video.
But for now, we just want to grab these
fragments and put those in place. So that
accomplishes our task here. Just as a
reminder, we are going by issues. So here
issue number 18. Inside of GitHub was
to copy over that master template and I
wanted to take a moment to explain to
you what was going on there, so now we
have that. And in an upcoming video, we
will go in and start implementing these.
I'm going to just go ahead and say
Git commit.
That was pushing up to GitHub right
now.
That should close that. You can see I switched to
close, so that issue is now closed.
Again, the purpose of this video was just to
bring over those template fragments,
which we will be implementing in
upcoming videos.